live from Philadelphia
it's the 120 fifth annual Mayflower
Kennel Club dog show 3,000 dogs
competing for Best in Show to think that
in some countries these dogs are eating
cookie and I work as a team we met at
this dance he didn't want a dad I got
two left feet I thought he was kidding
but I wasn't I was born with two left
feet Beatrice has been showing signs of
depression ever since she saw us having
sex what would you like to say to
Beatrice right now I'm sorry you've had
to see that
I've been a hairdresser about 14 years
and I went to a show I asked my ex-wife
she was at she says that's Scott we got
pop blowing or a house t-bone I forgot
everything so basically you know meet
Leslie and I have an amazing
relationship
people say oh but he's so much older
than you and you know what I'm the one
having to push him away
we both love soup a bloodhound not only
had a great note but they can talk
what's she doing they're not found Augie
and he's saying I'm ready
that's when you know he's ready for a
show that goal is that best-in-show
ribbon actually total meets um puddle in
German you want your bleep son in
here you left it at the hotel go to the
hotel and get miss Amy as my favorite
the miniature schnauzer I think they'd
want to breed them bigger wouldn't you
like grapefruits or watermelons don't
look at the fat losers are freaks you
look at me
he went after her like she's made out of
ham